# Patch 19.11.24

## <span style="color:gold">Helmets</span> 

### AB

- Miller (<span style="color:dodgerblue">update</span>)
- Phantom (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Ricochet (<span style="color:orange">new</span>, fucking finally u pleb)
- Shroom (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Viking (<span style="color:orange">new</span>, pepe)

### Infantry

- Fixed Delta helmet (<span style="color:green">wowe</span>)
- Blade (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Chaser (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Habivi (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Kahn (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Korvus (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Ranque (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Sense, Sence, Sence-i, Sam doesnt know how to spell ur name, F (<span style="color:dodgerblue">update</span>)
- Silver (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Tyler (<span style="color:dodgerblue">update</span>, ZETA ewwwwww)
- Walsh (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)
- Weaver (<span style="color:orange">new</span>)

### ARC

Fixed all ARC helmets being invisible, they are still the blank phase 2 texture but they still show up in arsenal.

## <span style="color:gold">Changes</span> 

### Y-Wing MkII

Y-Wing is now infact a super Y-wing and not horse shit. Added guns and missiles to rear turret, added carpet bombs to pilot seat like its WW2 1944

## <span style="color:gold">Fixies Wixies</span><font size="1">( Kill me!!!! )</font>

### Vulture CAS Module
Fixed by adding back the old vulture weapons, consider this a buff to vulture.

!!! bug "CI Mystic"
    Title: Advance CAS  
    Description: Advance CAS module doesn't work  
    Severity: Low(ish)  
    Reproducibility: Spawn in a vulture and try to use. Says aircraft have no gun  
    Modlist: Standard

### LAAT-C Being garbage
Fixed by making the LAAT-C slingload the Bantha, also LAAT Mk.III and MK.IV can sling load too, so LAAT-C is obsolete just like you.

!!! bug "CX-C Galaxy"
    Title: New LAAT/c and the Mynock glitch  
    Description: when you take out the new LAAT/C (the one that can fit 24 ppl) and you pick up mynock with magnetic clamps they colide in your hitbox. When you end up unclamping them, because of this they blow you up.   
    Reproducibility: Unknown(because no one knows about the new one)  
    Severity: High (mynock may not be able to use super Sabre)  
    Mod list: Standard  

!!! bug "CX-W Whisler"
    Title: LAAT/C
    Description: When flying the LAAT/C Mk II (Unknown if its the same for the other variant) it becomes extremely unstable and glitches around the place flying every which way. have had at least 3 instances of this happening.  
    Reproducibility: Common, Attach a vehicle and fly  
    Severity: High (Basically unflyable)  
    Mod List: Standard  

## <span style="color:gold">New Optional Mods</span> 

### ACE TFAR Long Range Setter
By Chatter and Mirror, saves and sets LR and SR profiles that set your frequencies and which ear its on plus additional channels, becuase setting up radios takes too long.  
Get it [here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1909836103).

### ACE Vehicle Medical
By Mirror, shows individuals based on how injured they are while you are in a vehicle.  
Get it [here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1911374016)
